okay so we just got out of the post
office and when we were in the post
office I had just just I just had to ask
guy working at the counter if you felt
you sat down at the post office so I
asked him and you could send letters for
two cents and he was like no no no no
it's not right and then you showed him
this this letter was sent to you with a
choose bends down to sense them all the
way from British Columbia and what they
wrote on it was general delivery
non-domestic in a box we can underneath
the box without the US and in the back
they wrote non-domestic without the US
and the letter arrived in like what
three days in three days there was even
sugar packets in there and like m3 empty
battery packet so there was some way
Tinley and the a sugar packet what just
a CD to do it just to see if we could do
it and yes you can send mail for two
cents dance despite what they tell you
at the post office when when we brought
this up with a guy at the post office he
was like looking at it's like you're
crazy like no you can't do that and then
we showed him the letter and he was like
whoa check this out and then yeah sure
the girl who was working there she was
like oh that and we would like to get it
on camera but they probably wouldnt let
us film in the post office they were
pretty astonished and while I'm
astonished to actually but now we know
we can do that yeah save the key beeps
of five cents on every letter so
apparently it cost 57 cents send any
letter yeah so but but you can go
through the private sector basically
from what I understand ha so you can
beat the system if you're a free man so
there's there's a look there's an
article online you can check out it's
called postal power and it should
explain to you these secrets behind this
technology cookie diet that sounds
terribly unhealthy the cookie diet smart
real smart for light not just thin but
smart would you like to lose weight
eating cookies oh that sounds terrible
brought my teeth oh I think it's more
like a wafer it's where they go away for
him us something like that something dry
I can call the cracker diet it wouldn't
sell i wouldn't sell yet people like
cookie is oh yeah i don't know about
cookies but i like chocolate there's a
store here called devine shook with a
chick well actually maybe it's english
divine shuffle let's go oh my god this
chocolate is so good Karen's broke as
usual so I'm gonna bribe her to come
into the chocolate store with me I'm
gonna bribe her with chocolate and she's
not gonna regret it hahaha here's the
store very swanky it's on crescent
street if you want to have the ultimate
chocolate experience a highly
recommended okay we got a ginger
chocolate I'm sure it's going to be
divine smells divine
oh it's exquisite
do you feel euphoric Karen I feel like I
am floating in space okay so tell me
Karen how did you deal with the credit
card people when they called you well
first they were like may please speak to
miss Karen spy lake and I was like would
you believe me if I said it that was me
and she was like I don't know I don't
know messed with her head huh yeah
really made her think she's like wait a
minute what's going on and then I
explained to her that I don't have a
first and last name and that I have a
have a given name and I have a family
name and then she was like I don't know
what to do i'm so confused yeah and
you're like that's the idea and and then
what happened so then I told so then
what did ice I told her that like oh
I've been just a paladin speaking to a
GD rep I'm toronto-dominion Canada Trust
representatives for the keep calling me
so and I keep telling them that I want
to communicate with them in writing and
that it's kind of annoying that that
they keep calling me when I keep telling
if they would write them in writing so I
asked her if she could write it in my
file that I want to use that I want to
communicate with them in writing and she
was like like I can't write that down in
your file because I can't confirm
it's really you that I'm talking to you
so I was like oh boy okay so then I
asked I asked her for her I a server
like for her supervisors name or like
who the head of the department was it
turned out she was were calling from the
credit and fraud management department
so I was like fraud perfect this is the
perfect for us to discuss so what's the
name of your of your supervisor the head
of your department she gave me the name
and then she gave me the phone number
and I was like so if i call this number
will I be able to speak to him and she
was like no so like okay well can I a
cab have his address so i can write to
him because i want to communicate with
you guys in writing and she wouldn't
give me the address so that nice asked
her I was like well I told her that she
was taking me away from my work and that
I had stuff to do and that she your word
your work being studying Black's Law
Dictionary figuring out how to deal with
people like her right basically I asked
I asked her if my business was done with
for the with her for the day and she
said yeah and so I wish her a nice day
and then she wished me a nice day back
and I hung up okay but what about the
part where you asked for the guys
address yeah she really didn't want to
give it to me but like I don't
understand why it would be such a big
deal for me to give it for her to give
me the office where she works at I'm
sure you could google it i knew it
anyway but the fact that she wasn't
like I was asking her questions at the
creditor question dead debtors make
statement okay but when you asked her
for the ad when when you asked her for
the guys address she said I can't give
you that and you said woman how do you
expect me to correspond in writing yeah
you won't put in my file that I want to
be corresponding with him writing and
you won't give me his address so
basically I had I basically turned the
tables around on her by asking her
questions that she really couldn't help
me with and you completely boggled her
mind I completely boggled her mind she
was like I don't know what to do i'm so
confused i was like thinking in my head
it's okay honey I understand that you're
confused but that was my goal so it was
a success hey what's a success if they
call me back again I'm just gonna pull
the same tactics but him to the seat
just keep asking them questions